(Suddenly LOOΠΔ 1/3 performing 'Bang Bang Bang')
HeeJin: Nobody move
HyunJin: Nobody move
HaSeul: Nobody move
ViVi: Nobody move
(After the rehearsal, members are in the waiting room!)
HaSeul: When did you start the filming?
HaSeul: I guess it will be the first LOOΠΔ TV episode for LOOΠΔ Studio~
HeeJin: (Glad to see) Is this LOOΠΔ TV?
(Right, LOOΠΔ TV is BACK!)
HaSeul: You know, we did a rehearsal a while ago~
HaSeul: I think we can do it well!
(The cat agreed!)
HyunJin: Nervous?
HeeJin: No
HyunJin: Did you take Cheongsimhwan (relaxing pills)?
HeeJin: ...Yes!
HyunJin: Serious?
HeeJin: Yes!
HyunJin: Really?
HeeJin: Why did you mention it before the camera~?
HyunJin: Is anything wrong?
(2JIN having fun, as usual!)
HeeJin: I was going to tell about that!
(Here comes ViVi with broad shoulders!)
HaSeul: You're going to perform 'Bang Bang Bang' with that clothes?
(ViVi's SWAG with the angel-like costume!)
HeeJin: Be careful~
HeeJin: These pearl buttons would burst when you dance 'Bang Bang Bang' so hard~
(A message of support sent by other members of LOOΠΔ!!)
(LOOΠΔ 1/3, fighting!)